# Superstoresales

Superstores are prevalent. This time I took The Superstore Sales data that  provides sales data for a fictional retail company, including information on products, orders and customers. This includes: 

Order ID - A unique identifier for each order.
Customer ID - A unique identifier for each customer.
Order Date - The date of the order placement.
Ship Date - The date the order was shipped.
Ship Mode - The shipping mode for the order (e.g. standard, same-day).
Segment - The customer segment (e.g. Consumer, Corporate, Home Office).
Region - The region where the customer is located (e.g. West, Central, East).
Category - The category of the product purchased (e.g. Furniture, Technology, Office Supplies).
Sub-Category - The sub-category of the product purchased (e.g. Chairs, Desktops, Paper).
Product Name - The name of the product purchased.
Sales - The sales revenue for the product purchased.
Quantity - The number of units of the product purchased.
Discount - The discount applied to the product purchased.
Profit -The profit generated by the product purchased.

There are around 1953 rows in this dataset. Questions I have asked to analyze this dataset are: 

1) Which customer segment has the highest number sales & profits?
2) Which state or Province has the highest sales in respective customer segments?
3) Which region is the most profitable in the USA
4) Who has the highest number of new orders in the dataset?
5) What is the total amount of discount received and which customer segmenet received the most?
6) What is the grand total of sales and profits and how is that divided across customer segements
7) Which product is the lead profitable?
8) Which regions has the highest sales within respective product category

I have analyzed this dataset using only Pivot Charts, sort & filter ad some conditional formatting. 

